for each request below, for each image inspiration that i give you implement only what i requested, no other elements are needed to be changed. for each request check using agent-browser if you did an EXCELLENT work.


1. make the clocked error status pop a little more when you first see it. as per architecture.md if the a ticket with blocked error is opened it wont pop up anymore after it was first opened.
2. implement progress as in 1.png. exactly like that. and the color should be same sa the current status.
3. next to logo add LoopTroop in a different font than rest of the project, something beautifull.
4. for user icon implement the same icon select like for project icon select.
5. i don't see a delete project button in edit project window. possibility to delete a project, which will delete all tickets and the project, only if they are all in to do and/or done. if tickets in an other column, delete project does not work.
6. make priority icons a little more bolder, especially very high.
7. make the x to close window for configuration, new ticket and projects slightly smaller than size of window title.
8. for address bar links, make ticket address same as id (eg. http://localhost:5173/ticket/MBNK-15)
9. the back to live button i want it centered in its element.
10. when creating a project the (must be git-initilized) wil have an icon inside the brackets at the end. should be a green ok when the folder selected is git initialized, some orange icon when not selected yet and a red X icon when the folder selected is not.
11. i am trying to create a new project and i get Folder is not a git repository error event hough it is.
12. the artifacts are not showing correctly. The number of artifacts should be correct. eg. if there are 4 coucnil members in total, there should be 4 drafts and so on.
13. started a ticket and i can't see the drafts created by each model.
14. I STILL can't see anything in log. FIX THE LOG! READ latest docs for opencode using Reg MCP server and fix the log viewer.
14.1 Splitting the log should be done per status, only what is necessary per status (eg. bead log should not exists until coding part).
15. context in left panel should show what context is needed. it is different per status. read architecture.md to understand what each status should include in context. and there is an > in context iin left panel bottom and i don't understand why, it is not needed.
16. when user uploads an icon you should resize it to make it as needeed, to ocupy less space.
17. i think even the app logo should be resized to occupy less space.
18. i changed the logo of an existing project and now every time i opene it instead of logo it is this: data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGg...HUGELINEOFCHARACTERSggg==
19. the cancel button is not working. it should cancel the ticket and move it to completed with canceled status. 
20. check architecture.md and implement correcttly the state machine statuses.
21. add tooltips, whenever hovering with mouse over an UI element it will exaplin what it is.
22. while artifacts are stored correcttly in the app, when showed to the user they should be in a human friendly format, same for when user is allowed to do edits.
23. for the window when a ticket is opened - create a new category on left panel, first one, where only tickets that are in to do are, no spinning circle should be present when a new ticket is created.
24. voting resuslts artifact should show a human friendly version in UI.
25. as in 3.png artifacts should show an icon/emoji and name of model and the action that it does, like drafting, timed out, etc. Adapt for each phase. show more details, like for example model x proposed 23 questions, modeel x scored draft A with 8.2/10. read architecture.md for what you need to do for this action point.
26. delete all tickets and projects and add only 3 mock projects and 10 tickets in different phases. fill them with mock data for each previous statuses too.
27. before the very end create a ticket and make a full lifecycle checking each status with agent-browser too see if it works coreectly.





for ui changes use the skills available. if you need newer docuemntation use ref mcp server.
architecture.md should be used in case some things are not fully understood, like for eg what per iteration timout is. check it for UI items that are not yet implemented or implemented wronglly (eg user editing an existing project can modify only the name, icon, and color).
do check, lints and anything needed to check you implemented correctlly.


At the very end check using curl and or agent-browser the app is working. wait 60 seconds and then check again and only then tell me that you finished.